# 1.2.8 -> 1.2.9

- Fixed a bug when parsing some projects (IllegalAccessException: [Issue #101](https://github.com/kelemen/netbeans-gradle-project/issues/101)).
- Major improvement in error reporting: NetBeans will now distinguish between various problem and report them accordingly to the user. For example, it can distinguish between build script errors, dependency resolution failures, unexpected errors (probably bugs).
- Dependency resolution failure of a project will no longer fail the loading of each project in the multi-project build. Rather, if the dependencies of a project cannot be loaded, only that project will be affected (and even this project will "only" miss the dependencies).
- Balloons are displayed for problems instead of output tabs and message boxes.
- Repeat Build/Run (Ctrl-F11) is now supported (Issue #109).
- Fixed temporary directory handling in multi user environment (Issue #111).
- Projects like a typical root project no longer has an empty dependencies node.
- No longer load projects just because their root folder is shown in the favorits window (Issue #25).
- No longer load projects when they are selected (but not opened) in the open project dialog.
- "Failed to download sources" is no longer shown on success.
- Run is no longer enabled on projects like a typical root project.
- Test is now enabled again on all projects (if you are using NBAndroid note that the test task will be "test" except for Android subprojects).
- The default Gradle version is now 1.10.
- When NetBeans evaluates a project for determining the project layout (etc.), it will set the project property "evaluatingIDE" to "NetBeans". Note, this is not done when executing tasks from NetBeans, only for loading models.
- New API to extend the plugin.
