# 1.2.9 -> 1.3.0

- The model (source sets, dependencies, etc.) of a project is remembered between NetBeans sessions. The model is automatically refreshed (in the background) upon first project load but if you did not change anything relevant, you can start working without waiting for the slow project loading.
- Run/Debug focused test method is now supported. This feature requires Gradle 1.10 or newer.
- Running tests in custom source sets is now supported. This feature relies on some heuristic: It is expected that the source set name is the same as the associated test task (an undefined heuristic is used to find mapping between source sets and test tasks when there is no exact match).
- The Test Results window of NetBeans is now used when explicitly running tests.
- It is now possible to delete empty source roots from the project's context menu: "Source roots/Delete empty source roots".
- Custom test tasks are now listed in the project's context menu under "Custom Tests".
- It is now possible to refresh the project node. This is useful when the source roots have changed externally.
- Task options (such as "--tests") can now be specified in the task list of custom commands.
- Fixed a bug when the path to the temporary directory contained a non-ascii character on Windows. [Issue #122](https://github.com/kelemen/netbeans-gradle-project/issues/122).
- Fixed a bug when the "Repeat build" command was used to re-run debug tasks.
- Fixed a bug of the new project wizard when deleting the last used folder. [Issue/netbeans.org 240632](https://netbeans.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=240632).
- Using Gradle 1.11 when there is no information what Gradle version is to be used.
- API improvement: Added various new features for extensions when they run Gradle commands.
