# 1.3.7.3 -> 1.3.8

- Fixes memory leak caused by too many output windows: [Issue/netbeans.org 256355](https://netbeans.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=256355)
- Added "Find" action to the project's context menu
- The "Gradle Home" node under the "Build Scripts" node now lists every .gradle files in */.gradle***
- Init scripts automatically applied for task execution by NetBeans can now be configured to be manually maintained. Manual maintaining should only be used if these scripts interfere with the build (otherwise the scripts won't be updated on the next plugin update).
- Added support for new debugging mode: Debuggee attaches to NetBeans. In this mode, detaching the debugger immediately kills the debugee. Also, in this new mode you no longer need a separate `debug` task (*run* is used instead by default). This is configurable both in the global settings and in the project properties.**
- Fixes #251: Saving task from the custom task execution task dialog no longer removes every other custom tasks.
- Fixes #241: Projects without a settings.gradle found under a multi-project build with a settings.gradle can now be opened (still, they are not recommended). This feature requires loading of the root project first (which is usually not a problem), if this is undesired, loading of root project first can be disabled in the global settings.
- Fixed "May rely on source level / target compatibility of Idea plugin" (the global settings page ignored this checkbox).
- There is only a single "source" tab for .gradle files now
- The default Gradle version is now 2.10
- API improvement: NodeFactory.Registration annotation is now supported
- API improvement: ProjectCustomizer.CompositeCategoryProvider.Registrations annotation is now supported
- API improvement: Added GradleCommandServiceFactory. This allows running something in the background while a Gradle command is running (stopped after the Gradle command terminates).
- API improvement: Added ProjectSettingsProvider: Allows extensions to access profile based configuration.
- API improvement: Added ProfileBasedConfigurations: Allows extensions to easily create a settings page to adjust configuration of an arbitrary profile.
