# 1.3.4 -> 1.3.5

- The default Gradle version is now 2.4.
- The plugin will now be less eager to close nodes in the project view when reloading the project.
- New Gradle files can now be added using the new file wizard.
- Source files outside the project directory are now supported (they are still not recommended).
- The "Build Scripts" node in the project view should now display a lot more known script files (e.g.: global init scripts, root project) and has a useful context menu.
- The plugin will now find more tasks of what the project declares (especially with Gradle 2.4).
- Fixed some automatic link detections in the output window (more precise underlining and now supports file and https URLs).
- The display name of the project can now be customized in the global settings.
- Gradle arguments (e.g.: --offline) can now be specified for all Gradle commands and project loading in the global settings.
- The timeout for the Gradle daemon to die can now be set in the global settings.
- You can now specify a preference order for the added JDKs. This is useful if you have multiple JDKs with the same major version number (e.g.: 32 bit or 64 bit).
- It is now possible to specify in the global settings to rely on the Gradle wrapper by default and also specify a Gradle installation to use when there is no wrapper.
- Reworked the project properties dialog and the global settings panel (including many UI improvements).
- From this version, settings set by future versions of this plugin will no longer be removed by an older version (at least 1.3.5) of this plugin.
- Property usage through `AuxiliaryConfiguration` is now safe for extensions.
- Completely refactored the internal property handling, so adding new properties will be a lot easier in the future.
