# 1.3.8.1 -> 1.3.9

- New task variable: ${selected-file} for tasks associated with a file (e.g.: run/test single)
- New task variable: ${project-path} which is the fully qualified name of the project (i.e.: *org.gradle.api.Project.getPath*).
- run/debug tasks are no longer executed on subprojects by default.
- It is now possible to detect project dependencies based on the name of the jar file. That is, if a project generates a jar file with this name, the dependency is replaced with a project dependency.
- settings.gradle on the editor tab is now annotated with the name of its containing directory.
- gradle.properties on the editor tab is now annotated with the name of its containing directory. Only works if "multi-row tabs" are enabled in the global settings.
- Directories containing a -build.gradle are now also recognized as Gradle projects.
- Project display name format can now be customized on a (multi-)project level.
- The organization of source nodes can now be customized on a (multi-)project level.
- It is now possible to define custom task variables.
- It is now possible to set a global default for every project property (from the project properties dialog, select the global profile).
- New API: Better way to define a settings editor page for profile aware project properties. The old API is now deprecated.
- New API: Custom model loading now has new interfaces to implement not referencing *org.gradle.api.Project* as they are no longer in the Tooling API. The old interfaces are deprecated and will be removed (really) in the future to allow upgrading to a new Tooling API version.
- Fixed some rare *NullPointerException*: [Issue #289](https://github.com/kelemen/netbeans-gradle-project/issues/289).
- The license header selection page in the project properties is now more user friendly.
- The default run/debug tasks now configure the *cmdLineArgs* property with the task variable: ${cmd-line-args} for the projects. The init script applied by NetBeans will try to configure the run and debug tasks using this property. This with the ability of custom task variable definition now allows for a reasonable command line argument definition.
- When it is not possible to load the project due to a script error, the project's context menu will contain a "Resolve project problems" menu which opens a dialog where you can see more details on the problem.
- When there is a dependency resolution issue, the plugin does a best effort to gather as many dependencies as it can (it is only a best effort, there is no guarantee that it will only omit the one which it failed to resolve).
- The default init script, this plugin applies, will try to cooperate with the application Gradle plugin as much as it possibly can.
- Run/Debug/Build/Test/Clean/Reload project in the context menu now all have a shortcut key.
- Should fix [Issue/netbeans.org 267789](https://netbeans.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=267789)
- Removed the refresh project node action from the project's context menu because it lacked usefulness and was misleading.
